#GeneralPrinciples 
A framework is a set of software components that are used as a foundational structure for building your application on top of. This foundational structure is required so that you don't have to write everything from scratch, so that you don't keep reinventing the wheel, so that you don't get bogged down writing functionality that are common to 95% of applications of the same kind. A framework brings with itself such functionality which is common to most applications, which can then be used with minimal configuration.

## What is a library and how is that different from a framework?
A library is also a set of readymade components for handling functionalities that are common to most of the apps. Now, can a framework be considered as just a collection of knit-together libraries to build applications of a certain kind easier? Not exactly. Libraries are like bricks, or at most, slabs of concrete, in that you can use them as components to build your application, but you're not building your entire application on top of them. With frameworks, you're building your entire application on top of an abstraction layer provided by the framework serving as the foundational structure, whereas with libraries, you're still writing everything yourself but you delegate some tasks to a library wherever possible. **With libraries, you call the library's code wherever necessary, you're the one in charge.** **Whereas with a framework, the framework calls your code wherever necessary**, for example, it will either pick up an entire class created by you to interpret and provide the functionality, or it will provide hooks in the form of function parameters or something and you can make changes to these hooks which the framework then picks up on. All in all, **the framework is the one in charge.**
